the Lord also spoke to Joshua speak to
the Lord also spoke to Joshua speak to the children of Israel saying appoint
the children of Israel saying appoint
the children of Israel saying appoint for yourselves cities of refuge of which
for yourselves cities of refuge of which
for yourselves cities of refuge of which I spoke to you through Moses that the
I spoke to you through Moses that the
I spoke to you through Moses that the Slayer who kills a person accidentally
Slayer who kills a person accidentally
Slayer who kills a person accidentally or unintentionally may flee them and
or unintentionally may flee them and
or unintentionally may flee them and they shall be your refuge from the
they shall be your refuge from the
they shall be your refuge from the Avenger of blood and when he flees to
Avenger of blood and when he flees to
Avenger of blood and when he flees to one of those cities and stands at the
one of those cities and stands at the
one of those cities and stands at the entrance of the gate of the city and
entrance of the gate of the city and
entrance of the gate of the city and declares his case in the hearing of the
declares his case in the hearing of the
declares his case in the hearing of the elders of that city they shall take him
elders of that city they shall take him
elders of that city they shall take him into the city as one of them and give
into the city as one of them and give
into the city as one of them and give him a place that he may dwell among them
him a place that he may dwell among them
him a place that he may dwell among them then if the Avenger of blood pursues him
then if the Avenger of blood pursues him
then if the Avenger of blood pursues him they shall not deliver the Slayer into
they shall not deliver the Slayer into
they shall not deliver the Slayer into his hand because he struck his neighbour
his hand because he struck his neighbour
his hand because he struck his neighbour unintentionally but did not hate him
unintentionally but did not hate him
unintentionally but did not hate him before him and he shall dwell in that
before him and he shall dwell in that
before him and he shall dwell in that city until he stands before the
city until he stands before the
city until he stands before the congregation for judgment and until the
congregation for judgment and until the
congregation for judgment and until the death of the one who is high priest in
death of the one who is high priest in
death of the one who is high priest in those days then the Slayer may return
those days then the Slayer may return
those days then the Slayer may return and come to his own City and his own
and come to his own City and his own
and come to his own City and his own house to the city from which he fled
house to the city from which he fled
house to the city from which he fled so they appointed Kadesh in Galilee in
so they appointed Kadesh in Galilee in
so they appointed Kadesh in Galilee in the mountains of Naphtali Shechem in the
the mountains of Naphtali Shechem in the
the mountains of Naphtali Shechem in the mountains of Ephraim and kiryat arba
mountains of Ephraim and kiryat arba
mountains of Ephraim and kiryat arba which is Hebron in the mountains of
which is Hebron in the mountains of
which is Hebron in the mountains of Judah and on the other side of the
Judah and on the other side of the
Judah and on the other side of the Jordan by Jericho eastward they assigned
Jordan by Jericho eastward they assigned
Jordan by Jericho eastward they assigned bizu in the wilderness on the plain from
bizu in the wilderness on the plain from
bizu in the wilderness on the plain from the tribe of Reuben ramoth in Gilead
the tribe of Reuben ramoth in Gilead
the tribe of Reuben ramoth in Gilead from the tribe of GAD and Golan in
from the tribe of GAD and Golan in
from the tribe of GAD and Golan in bation from the tribe of Manasseh these
bation from the tribe of Manasseh these
bation from the tribe of Manasseh these were the cities appointed for all the
were the cities appointed for all the
were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel and for the stranger
children of Israel and for the stranger
children of Israel and for the stranger who dwelt among them
who dwelt among them
who dwelt among them that whoever killed a person
that whoever killed a person
that whoever killed a person accidentally might flee there and not
accidentally might flee there and not
accidentally might flee there and not die by the hand of the Avenger of blood
die by the hand of the Avenger of blood
die by the hand of the Avenger of blood until he stood before the congregation
until he stood before the congregation
until he stood before the congregation [Music]